guys this is a delicious sweet onion
tomato sauce if you never made pasta
before this is the one that you should
make if you have made pasta before I've
got a tip for you that's gonna make all
of your other pastas way better let's do
it we're gonna make a sweet now
the secret ingredient is not an onion
but it is important that we have very
very thin onions so it can melt try and
get really thin
full blast team okay olive oil of the
extra-virgin variety okay a little salt
the number one thing that you guys are
getting wrong is the water content that
is the secret ingredient you can see
we're getting a little bit of color on
the onion here starting to burn it's
starting to carmelize what do we do we
take some water and what that does is it
lowers the temperature of the onion to
the temperature the water boils at
preventing burning don't be afraid about
putting too much water because it's
always gonna cook off and as the water
cooks down it will start to burn again
and just be proficient with the water
here salty pasta water everybody knows
the stick right this is a full pounds
we're gonna use half a pound we're
cooking for two people boom
we have black pepper we have red pepper
all the Italian grandmas have come
together and agreed you're only allowed
to use one or the other you cannot use
both they will come they will find you
havoc will be wreaked so I say red
pepper see how they're starting to turn
colors really nice really good onion
base here and this is so much better
than putting sugar into a tomato sauce
this is natural natural sugars and
onions are sweet okay this is half a can
of tomatoes
[Music]
here's the promove pastas
two minutes under what the box says to
do and we're gonna put it in the sauce
that's what we're gonna do it's gonna
finish in here all right the next point
I want to make is about cheese
everybody's got a different cheese
grater the internet says Frankie you've
got to use comp measurements and it
doesn't work all the time so what we're
gonna do is do three ounces of cheese
it's gonna look like a lot on a
microplane that's why it's so good to do
it by weight okay that is one quarter of
one ounce okay here's an ounce and a
half here we go
cheese is going in we're gonna sprinkle
it right on top all of it you turn off
our heat we're gonna add a little more
water help it melt and we're gonna stir
look at that just beautiful
nice shine on the pasta maybe a tiny bit
too sweet what can we do to counter the
sweetness
[Music]
which I just happen to carry in my
pocket at all times
now look if it looks a little thick
again this is looking it's looking thick
what's happening water's coming off how
do we solve this problem before we post
a picture to the net of Inter's add a
little more water get it in there
gorgeous sweet and easy tomato sauce
cheesy lemony sweet onion so you can
kiss it with a little more cheese on top
if you want you do not have to do this
and now you can come in with some
parsley or basil I think the move is to
just go whole leaves like that and now a
little olive oil at the end is also a
wonderful thing so there you have a
sweet onion and lemon penne sauce whose
secret ingredient is the most pedestrian
and underwhelming of all the ingredients
water so there you go easy dish protip
[Music]